frst minm bill 799
2nd time 699


new year cake delivered.

Colours play an important role::


Color Theory Should Always Be Your First Thought., Tints and Shades Are More Important Than You Think.
It plays a crucial role in branding and marketing because it is where first impressions of customers are based. Also, it is the secret in producing a good identity for a company.
They are more than just a visual aid because they convey emotions, feelings and experiences. 
There are meanings behind various colors and for companies, it will help if they are abreast with this because choosing a color scheme can affect their business – it may either make or break them.


Logo reflects style ::

Your logo.

It's what people first notice about your brand. It represents – and is – your brand.

But how does your company logo affect the way your brand is perceived?

A company logo is a symbol of your company's identity. It creates a first impression of your company and expresses your company's value all in one. People have learned to associate a brand's logo with its values and character.

What are these associations, and why are they important to keep in mind for your logo?

A company logo says a lot about your brand: Who you are, what you do, and why you do what you do. Considering logo type, color, and shape.



Branding roadmap to success ::

When you build a brand, for yourself or a client, you’re building an entity to connect a business with an audience.
No matter how great your product or service is, without an easy, identifiable brand element to encapsulate it all, there’s a good chance your business will fly right past most modern digital audiences.

That means not only defining how you want your business to be seen online, but all the ways it’ll be seen and experienced, from images to text to social media.
You want actionable steps you can take to build brands through strategy, am I right?

Well, that’s what we're gona provide you, so let’s not faff about and get stuck in.



LOgo makes long lasting impressions::


Every customer that sees your business in an advertisement, online, or even driving by, makes a snap judgment in less than a half second. In nearly every case, the first element they see is your logo. That should be enough to validate its importance, but let’s dig deeper.

Like judging a book by its cover, they are judging you by your logo. No matter how great your product or service is, your logo makes the first impression
Successful business owners understand how important a great logo design that will make a great first impression with customers. Others think of the expenses rather than the very important investment that it is. Let's talk about Logo Design and First Impressions


transactions and connections